# SR-PTSSO: Subversion-Resistant Password-Hardening Threshold Single-Sign-On
Abstract—Password-based single-sign-on (SSO) enables users to be authenticated by an identity server with passwords and obtain tokens if the authentication passes. With a token, a user can request services from associated application servers. To tackle single-point-of-failure, a group of identity servers are employed to identify users and issue tokens in a threshold way. In such password-hardening threshold SSO schemes, for a single user, each identity server needs to secretly store a credential derived from her/his password for authentication. If an adversary compromises a threshold number of password-derived credentials of a user, he can impersonate the user to request tokens. Existing schemes suffer from another user impersonation due to lack of tokens’ ownership proofs: adversaries could impersonate a user to illegally access services using her/his token. Furthermore, we reveal a potential threat to password-hardening threshold SSO: vulnerability against subversion attacks (SAs), where adversaries (e.g., adversarial manufacturers) might maliciously implement algorithms such that the subverted implementation stealthily discloses secrets (such as passwords) from biased output. In this paper, we propose SR-PTSSO, a subversion-resistant password-hardening threshold SSO scheme. In SR-PTSSO, we present a password-derived public key encryption mechanism that enables the identity servers to achieve user authentication without secretly storing users’ password-derived credentials, which addresses the issue of password-derived credential leakage while reducing storage costs of secret information on the identity servers by about sixty percent. We conceive a proof-of-ownership mechanism to prove ownership of tokens in service access, so that adversaries cannot illegally use them. Moreover, SR-PTSSO adopts cryptographic reverse firewalls to sanitize messages transmitted between entities to resist SAs. Provable security and high efficiency of SR-PTSSO are demonstrated by comprehensive analysis and experimental evaluations.         
          
## Here is the code version of SR-PTSSO.    
If you really want to run my poorly performing program(please make sure you have installed pbc and openssl), I would suggest you to start with main. Because the main function will check whether you have the necessary dependencies, you can configure the environment based on the runtime prompts.   
The main2 and main3 compose the real work, SR-PTSSO.In this context, main2 represents the registration phase in the protocol, while main3 corresponds to the login phase. If you have not
run this program before, just try to run main2 at first.
